# CS330
CS330 portfolio
I have learned that it is critical to plan projects out ahead of time. This project made me realize that I needed a plan for how I wanted my objects to look in openGL. I often took a notebook to work and drew shapes and points to create the object on paper before moving to Visual Studio. I was a little all over the place because I was struggling to get familiar with openGL. In the future I plan to make a list of tasks I wish to get done, and a completion time for getting them done. I would like to implement a personal agile system to my design in the future when I work on projects alone. 
I used a haphazard agile approach while developing this project. I tested and broke the code often as I added features and objects. It took me a while to get the hang of openGL. I had multiple iterations of projects. I often had to fall back on stable code as I discovered what I could and couldn’t do in openGL. My approach to development has evolved dramatically throughout this journey. I realized that being more organized is critical and that reaching out when I’m stuck is a must. This is the first class where I had meetings with the professor for support on a topic that I couldn’t understand. 
	I would say that what I have learned from this class is imperative. I learned troubleshooting and problem solving skills. I learned that its okay to reach out to others for help when you get stuck. I also got more familiar with looking at documentation like docs.gl 
	Moving forward these skills will help me in my career and make me a stronger developer. 
